Spec for MSC3981 (#1746)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/client-server-api/_index.md

This endpoint is particularly useful if the client has lost context on the aggregation for
a parent event and needs to rebuild/verify it.

When using the `recurse` parameter, note that there no way for a client to

> affect how much the server recurses. If the client decides that the server's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
control how far the server recurses. If the client decides that the server's
```

recursion level is insufficient, it could, for example, perform the recursion

> manually, or disable whatever feature requires more recursion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
itself, or disable whatever feature requires more recursion.
```
